Update plugin name from 40 to 60 characters limit (#668)
piwik/developer-documentation: docs/distributing-your-plugin.md

<a name="plugin-json-required-fields"></a>
The `plugin.json` file must contain the following information:

> - `name`: The plugin's name. It can only contain letters (a-z), numbers (0-9) and must start with a capital letter. The name cannot contain the words `"Piwik"`, `"Core"` or `"Analytics"`. A maximum of 60 characters are allowed.

Author: ```suggestion
- `name`: The plugin's name. It can only contain letters (a-z), numbers (0-9) and must start with a capital letter. The name cannot contain the words `"Piwik"`, `"Core"` or `"Analytics"`. Since Matomo 5 a maximum of 60 characters are allowed.
```

> - `name`: The plugin's name. It can only contain letters (a-z), numbers (0-9) and must start with a capital letter. The name cannot contain the words `"Piwik"`, `"Core"` or `"Analytics"`. Since Matomo 5 a maximum of 60 characters are allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `name`: The plugin's name. It can only contain letters (a-z), numbers (0-9) and must start with a capital letter. The name cannot contain the words `"Piwik"`, `"Core"` or `"Analytics"`. A maximum of 60 characters are allowed. Before Matomo 5 this was limited to 40.
```
